add support for getproperty broadcasting (#2655)
JuliaData/DataFrames.jl: docs/src/lib/indexing.md

    `DataFrameRow` is considered to be column-oriented.

Additional rules:
* in the `df[CartesianIndex(row, col)] .= v`, `df[row, col] .= v` syntaxes `v` is
  broadcasted into the contents of `df[row, col]` (this is consistent with Julia Base);
* in the `df[row, cols] .= v` syntaxes the assignment to `df` is performed in-place;
* in the `df[rows, col] .= v` and `df[rows, cols] .= v` syntaxes the assignment to
  `df` is performed in-place; if `rows` is `:` and `col` is `Symbol` or `AbstractString`
  and it is missing from `df` then a new column is allocated and added;
  the length of the column is always the value of `nrow(df)` before the assignment takes place;
* in the `df[!, col] .= v` syntax column `col` is replaced by a freshly allocated vector;
  if `col` is `Symbol` or `AbstractString` and it is missing from `df` then a new column is allocated added;
  the length of the column is always the value of `nrow(df)` before the assignment takes place;
* the `df[!, cols] .= v` syntax replaces existing columns `cols` in data frame `df` with freshly allocated vectors;

> * `df.col .= v` currently syntax performs in-place assignment to an existing vector `df.col`;
>   this behavior is deprecated and a freshcolumn will be allocated in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `df.col .= v` syntax currently performs in-place assignment to an existing vector `df.col`;
  this behavior is deprecated and a new column will be allocated in the future.
```

  if `col` is `Symbol` or `AbstractString` and it is missing from `df` then a new column is allocated added;
  the length of the column is always the value of `nrow(df)` before the assignment takes place;
* the `df[!, cols] .= v` syntax replaces existing columns `cols` in data frame `df` with freshly allocated vectors;
* `df.col .= v` syntax is allowed up to Julia 1.6 and performs in-place assignment to an existing vector `df.col`. Since Julia 1.7 column gets replaced.
* in the `sdf[CartesianIndex(row, col)] .= v`, `sdf[row, col] .= v` and `sdf[row, cols] .= v` syntaxes the assignment to `sdf` is performed in-place;
* in the `sdf[rows, col] .= v` and `sdf[rows, cols] .= v` syntaxes the assignment to `sdf` is performed in-place;

> * `sdf.col .= v` syntax is allowed and up to Julia 1.6 performs an in-place assignment to an existing vector `sdf.col`. Since Julia 1.7 this is deprecated.

Author: agreed
